---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-22T22:20:14.628Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-22T22:19:43.272Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-22-de1df4ca-d6d1-47e6-bffe-fd9e4220426e.md
published: true
url: de1df4ca-d6d1-47e6-bffe-fd9e4220426e/index.html
_type: Article

---
So, a little back story. About one month ago I noticed little green dots appear on my screen. I tried 4+ different TVs and 4+ different HDMI cables. Eventually for some reason I found a setup that worked and dots went away.

This weekend and the dots are back, this time 1080p resolution is completely green and the screen breaks up every few seconds. 1080i and 720p were fine, but now they've even started flickering too.

Went on google, forums and here. Seems like the GPU is failing. I played with all picture settings, rebuilt database and all that and the thing is just busted.

I've had this since Christmas 2013 so I knew my warranty with sony was up. It was my last Christmas gift from my Uncle who passed away this year so I can't check with store it was purchased from.

I call Sony and explain, the guy says the repair is £175! What an insane price! 75 more and I can just buy a new system. I thought it'll be around £70 or something, maybe they do this so people just think "screw it i'll just buy a new one". Plus 99% of PS4 repair / support stories I've heard don't shine a very nice light on them - takes ages, they are hard to contact, people get sent dirty used systems.

So I guess I'm waiting to see what Black Friday brings next month. What a P.O.S right as all the big titles are launching.

Just wanted to rant, sorry!